# This is Promotional Website

This is the website of a glazing company to attract clients and communicate with them. In this project I used all the knowledge I got on the course, from creating functions and objects to communicating with DOM elements and the server.
Implemented calling different modal windows, by clicking on different buttons and inscriptions, closing them by clicking on the cross or the substrate (page scrolling is blocked). After 60 seconds on the page the standard modal window will appear automatically. Inside all modal windows is a form. It is sent via Ajax (without reloading the page) and captures all the data entered. The form notifies the user about the status of the submission. Only numbers can be entered in the field with the phone number. Also on the page there are feedback forms, they also capture all the data entered (without reloading the page) and notify the user of the status of sending. Implemented tabs when you click on which (picture, caption) goes smoothly switching content with standard animation and the active tab. Inside all the tabs is the button "Calculate the cost", when you click on them, a special modal window appears in which the user fills in the data, in 3 different modal windows in turn. This information (window type, width, height, profile, user name, phone number) is filled into the object and sent to the server. When filling, if you click on the carpet pad the windows will not close so that the user does not accidentally close when filling. More tabs with content and smooth standard animation. Implemented a timer that counts down the time until the deadline (deadline is set in the js file). Next album of pictures, when you click on any one it increases, the substrate becomes dark, when you click on it, it closes (blocked scrolling when viewing). Project structure - modular, connected assembly (bundle). 
